Fix: copy field metadata for pydantic (#2415)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> The recent addition of support for the metadata attribute for fields isn't handled for Pydantic support.
> This ensures that the metadata attribute on fields isn't lost when a @strawberry.experimental.pydantic.type
> is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes `@strawberry.experimental.pydantic.type` and adds support for the metadata attribute on fields.
```
